Yusheng
No, Yusheng, sorry to bother you,
but what is going on here?
This uses your phone
to monitor your health.
How much you walked in a day,
how many stairs you climbed,
what your heart rate is,
is your breathing normal,
when you sleep and when you wake up.
This...
Auntie Luo,
these statistics show how many hours a day
you spend watching the news,
let's see...
how many hours you chat,
chat...
how many hours you scroll through videos,
what kind of videos you watch,
whether you like to comment,
whether you like to 'like' things, and so on.
Auntie Cai,
this uses facial recognition
to analyze your skeletal support,
ligament sagging,
muscle laxity,
skin tightness,
wrinkle depth,
and that...
that...
pore size.
It knows all that?
There's nothing modern high-tech doesn't know.
Dare we even use this thing?
Our privacy is completely exposed.
Little Cai,
what are you doing?
I'm just looking to see
where the camera is inside this thing.
When I wake up and when I sleep...
it knows it all! This is outrageous!
Darn it.
What's wrong?
Every time I go to the toilet,
I take it with me.
Me too!
I use it every time I take a shower
to play music.
This won't do at all.
If that's the case,
haven't we been seen by everyone?
The point is, it's filmed us completely!
No...
um...
Yusheng,
no, look, you...
you made us install this.
So...
what are they trying to film us doing?
Auntie Cai,
you've misunderstood.
The phone uses high-tech sensor technology
to monitor your phone usage habits.
Through big data
and AI,
it analyzes your health condition.
I don't understand.
Anyway, you mean to say
it won't secretly film us?
It won't.
If it really were secretly filming,
the government would have banned it long ago.
Hey,
Yingzi,
come over and help me with this.
See how to work this.
Uncle Liang, you've finished all these questions?
Good.
This thing uses these questions
to measure your psychological age.
Then, combined with your health condition,
it calculates your Actual Age.
Actual Age?
I was born in '57.
I'm 66 this year.
Isn't that actual enough?
Well...
66 is your Chronological age.
Let's take a look at your Actual Age.
Uncle Liang
Your Actual Age is quite young!
Only fifty-one.
That's good.
I like this Actual Age.
You like it, right?
Among all the seniors here, you are...
...the most trendy and fashionable.
And love to show off...
And...
And love to learn.
So your mindset is young.
Naturally, your Actual Age is young too.
Why is he the only young one?
Then I love to show off too.
Love to learn.
Test me too.
Yusheng, come test me.
Who loves to learn?
Come on, test me.
This is a good thing.
If you have any difficult questions...
...you can ask me.
No.
We are just...
...testing our ages.
You two should learn from Yusheng.
What?
You forgot your own ages?
You need a test?
You don't understand.
That age of yours...
...isn't your real age.
So my parents tricked me?
The date on my ID is fake?
It's real.
But your age is fake.
No.
I mean, your age is real...
...but it's not your *real* age.
Your real...
Did this kid take the wrong meds?
Did you understand what he said?
He means that...
...your age...
...is not your age.
It's your...
It's not mine either.
It's your Chronological age.
Then what other age is there?
There's also Actual Age.
For example...
...two people are both sixty-five.
Maybe due to health or psychological reasons...
...their Actual Ages are different.
Some age prematurely.
Some are old but vigorous.
And some people...
Anyway...
...this app...
...is designed to calculate your Actual Age.
This...
You guys are simply...
That makes some sense.
What sense?
Pseudoscience. It's a scam.
It only fools you...
...old men and women who lack common sense.
What?
I lack common sense?
Yes. Surprised?
Professor Fan.
Then let us test you.
Do you know what the Metaverse is?
What is Blockchain?
Do you know what Augmented Reality is?
VR, Mixed Reality?
And do you know what AI is?
What are generative large models?
Do you know what smart healthcare's...
...latest frontier is?
Professor Fan, do you know?
Do you?
Of course I...
...don't know.
Combining all these latest achievements...
...is this age-testing app.
Everyone.
Although I don't quite understand...
...I know...
...this thing is unreliable.
Because...
...it goes against common sense.
No, ignore him.
Test me.
What is this junk?
What is this thing?
Old Li
Who are you cursing?
Not a human.
Who are you calling "not a human"?
I didn't curse a person.
I'm cursing the phone.
Well, that's certainly not human.
Why get so worked up over a machine?
This phone...
It insists on saying I'm over eighty.
That age-testing thing in here.
Lousy app.
Didn't you say...
...this thing makes a lot of sense?
What sense does it make?
It's all just to trick people with no common sense.
Isn't that what I said?
What you said?
Can't I use your words?
I've finally figured it out.
They just use these concepts to scam people.
Old Li
How did you figure that out?
It's obvious!
It measured me as over eighty.
Isn't that just a scam?
That's not necessarily true.
What do you mean?
To be honest...
I think measuring you as over eighty...
...actually makes some sense.
Nonsense! What sense?
Because you've always been...
...flaunting your seniority...
...stuck in your ways...
...refusing to make progress...
...and rigid in your thinking.
Shut up!
Why don't you try it then?
Let's see how old it thinks you are.
I'm not playing with this piece of junk.
You don't dare, do you?
Scared?
Lost your nerve?
Backing out?
Shaking?
Sweating?
Why would I sweat or shake?
Fine, I'll test it!
Who's afraid of whom?
Good. You test it.
I want to see...
...how many years younger than me you get.
It's amazing.
I'm so young.
Only in my early thirties.
Xiao Cai, do you really believe that?
Well, believe it or not.
You...
You have to believe it, right?
The facts are right there.
What facts?
The fact that I'm young.
It's set in stone, isn't it?
For example...
Take you...
That...
You don't like watching cartoons.
Right.
"Scrubby and the Gray Duck."
You don't like them, but I do.
And there's that...
That...
"Mai Mao Won't Grow Tall."
"Looks Like a Shorty."
Don't you believe me?
I believe it.
And also...
I'm telling you, even now...
I don't dare tap the bowl with my chopsticks.
I'm terrified I'll become...
A beggar begging for food.
That just proves you're childish and haven't grown up.
How am I...
Being childish is exactly the point!
Being childish shows that I'm young!
Then you really haven't grown up.
How so?
Look here.
Okay.
The test is done.
How did it go?
What's the Actual Age result?
This result...
I'm too embarrassed to say.
What's there to be embarrassed about?
We're in the same boat.
Thirty-one.
Sorry about that.
A bit too young, huh?
It's inaccurate.
This app...
It's just not fair.
Boss Li...
Do you know what the Metaverse is?
Or what Blockchain is?
What is Augmented Reality?
Virtual Reality, Mixed Reality?
What is AI?
What are Generative Large Models?
Do you know what...
...the latest frontier in smart healthcare is?
How would I...
...know that?
I just know this isn't reliable.
That's what I'm saying.
It's so good to be young.
Who is this? You look so familiar.
What's wrong? Can't recognize me?
Miss, you've got the wrong place.
This is a retirement community.
A retirement community.
That doesn't mean you can discriminate against us young...
...elderly people.
You are a typical case of...
...an old cucumber painted green.
Acting young.
Is this my Auntie Cai?
You look so young today.
Auntie Cai.
Your outfit is way too shocking...
...way too beautiful!
Really beautiful.
This app can really rejuvenate people.
Here comes another green-painted one.
Professor Fan.
You look totally handsome and cool today.
Simply beyond compare.
Is this really the Professor?
I thought four new college students arrived.
Thank you.
Pity the one in the middle...
...is a student held back a year.
Son!
You're back.
Come here, quick.
Let Dad have a look.
He's calling you.
When did I become a son?
You aren't.
Who told you to dress up so young and pretty?
Hurry over there.
This is the price for acting young.
Zhu Zhu, help me out.
Help me fool him for a bit.
Quick.
He even has a grandson.
Okay.
Quick.
Let Grandpa have a look.
Um, Grandpa...
It's time for our medicine.
Come on, let's go take our meds.
Let's go.
Okay.
Grandson.
The grandson is much more filial than you.
Let's go.
Grandpa will take you to eat something good.
Eat something good.
Son.
What are you laughing at?
Stop laughing!
What do you mean?
Is being young a crime?
Exactly.
You're jealous of us young people.
So annoying.
Boss Li
Am I really that old?
Not at all.
The test results say
you're five years younger than me.
That just proves you're old.
It doesn't prove I'm young.
Being old has its perks.
As the old saying goes...
"Money can't buy a slim figure in old age."
That just means being thin is good.
Another saying goes...
"Old ginger is spicier."
"Wine gets better with age."
That just means ginger and wine are good.
And another saying goes...
"Old trees sprout new buds."
"Old cows eat tender..."
What are you saying?
That's not right.
"An old veteran is worth two."
"The old warhorse still dreams of glory."
Did I get it right this time?
Not bad. You got two right.
It may be right,
but what if I still want to be young?
That's easy.
If you want to be young,
Ms. Liu,
hang out with us young people more!
Right?
If you keep hanging around an eighty-year-old,
you'll only feel yourself getting older.
But suppose,
you hang out with a thirty-one-year-old...
...together.
That would be a mother-son bond.
Right.
No, wait.
What mother-son bond?
At least...
A May-December romance.
That's not right either.
Brother and sister?
No, that's not it.
You're really something, Old Fan.
Give you an inch and you take a mile.
Call you a fool and you start drooling.
It's one thing to pretend in front of me,
but why act young in front of Ms. Liu?
Do you admit your mistake?
Do you admit your guilt?
I...
I admit...
I admit I'm forever young!
Is it a crime to be young at heart?
Still pretending?
Ms. Liu,
deep down in his heart,
he thinks of you as an auntie.
No, Ms. Liu!
I don't think of you as an auntie, really!
So, were you wrong or not?
Fine.
I was wrong.
Happy now?
That's better.
Since you've admitted your mistake nicely,
you can go.
Why should I go?
Ms. Liu and I are peers.
Adults are talking.
You're just a young whippersnapper.
Go play outside.
Come back when you're grown up.
Go.
But... you...
But you...
Shoo.
You...
So immature.
Once a person gets on in years
Everything goes in reverse
You can't sleep when lying down
But you doze off when sitting up
Things that just happened
You forget the moment you turn your head
True
But things from ages ago
You remember crystal clear
Take this, for example
You can't see clearly up close
But look from afar
It's super sharp
Speaking of memory
I know exactly what you mean
Yesterday
I actually ate dinner twice
Were you really hungry?
No
I came back from a dinner party
And I just
Just forgot about it
As soon as I heard the cafeteria was serving
I ate another meal
My stomach felt so awful
Don't even mention it
Then I realized
It turns out I ate two meals
You've got it easy
I've used chopsticks my whole life
But now
I can't anymore
The chopsticks get to my mouth
And before I even open it
I let go of the chopsticks
Both the food and the soup
Get eaten by my clothes
Look at this
Go get changed
Hello, everyone
What are you chatting about?
What are we chatting about?
With a young person like you
You wouldn't understand
Don't say that
I'm just young at heart
You dress very young too
If it weren't for those wrinkles on your face
Pfft
You'd be a total Barbie doll
Miss Cai
Someone like you
At the blooming age of thirty-something
Why not find a partner and settle down?
Why hang around with us bunch of
Old men and women?
Right
What kind do you like?
Big Sister here
No
Auntie here
Will keep an eye out for you
Oh, give it a rest
The ones you find
Would Miss Cai even look at them?
A fair lady
Is a gentleman's desire
She has to find a
Successful, talented young man
What are you saying?
You're making fun of me, aren't you?
I'm not talking to you anymore
We have nothing in common
Hey
Professor Fan
Why torture yourself?
What are you doing?
Let go, quick!
Let go!
I can't let go!
Although we are young...
...and discriminated against by them...
...but...
...you shouldn't take it so hard.
Let go of me, quick!
Are you trying to push me in?
I'm not taking it hard!
This water is too shallow to drown anyone!
But what if...
...you fall in sideways...
...that water...
Why would I go in there?
I'm living a good life.
Although...
...we are discriminated against by them...
...but it is a happy kind of pain.
Do you understand?
Pain can be happy?
Sure.
Painful happiness.
In short, a thrill.
Is that a saying?
It's fine.
Since they won't play with us...
...let's go find our peers to play with.
Let's go find college students.
Right.
Let's go play.
Let's go.
What should we play?
What shall we play?
What to play...
Play what?
What?
Wha...
How should I know?
You're the professor.
It's up to you.
You young people...
...what do you usually like to play?
Eating chicken.
Eating chicken?
No problem.
It's my treat today.
Roast chicken, smoked chicken...
...or braised chicken?
The Professor is paying.
I'll run and buy it for you.
Auntie Cai, no.
It's not really eating chicken.
It's fake?
Pretending to eat chicken?
No, Auntie Cai.
"Eating Chicken" is an online game.
Because...
...at the end of the game, there's a phrase...
"Winner winner, chicken dinner."
So everyone calls it the "Chicken Game."
I get it.
Isn't it just playing games?
We'll learn it too.
An elder who can't play games...
...is not a good professor.
Is that how the saying goes?
Yes.
You learn fast.
That's right.
That sentence of yours was...
"A professor who doesn't beat old people isn't a good game."
Nonsense.
Not beating old people professors.
It's playing games.
I'm confused.
We should learn too.
You guys teach us.
How to play, okay?
Right, okay.
First...
...you need to give yourself a cool...
...domineering, and unique name.
Like mine...
...mine is called...
"Naturally Dazed and Cute."
You're not dazed at all, really.
Keke, what's yours?
My name?
I'm called...
"Looking Up At Your Distance."
Very artsy, quite artsy.
What about Yingzi?
I'm "Silly Little Egg."
Why are you all so modest?
Xiaoxin.
Me.
My name is
Sis is Tall and Proud
That's so not you
You make up for what you lack
Tell everyone yours
Right
Me
I won't say it
Wang Song, let's hear yours
Let Me Tell You Slowly
Okay
Speak slowly, no rush
My screen name is
Let Me Tell You Slowly
This screen name...
It's so awkward
Now it's your turn to pick names
Okay
We don't know how to pick names
How about
you pick names for us
Right
Auntie Cai
You should just call yourself Cabbage
Why?
It means that
although you're very competitive,
your skills are weak.
And your surname happens to be Cai.
Just because my name is Cai means I'm weak?
Not necessarily
How about this
I'll give you a more domineering name
It's called
Sprinting Toward Hell
Why would I run there?
I'm not going
Not going
Then how about Heart-Tearing Without Lung-Splitting
That makes me sound too miserable
Or else call it
You Are Not Allowed To Reject Me
That's not great either
But it's slightly better
I'll use this for now
Pick one for the Professor
The Professor's surname is good
Any name sounds good with it
Rice Pot
Rice Bowl
You...
Rice Spoon
Rice Basin
You call that sounding good?
Why not just call me Rice Bucket?
Rice Bucket works
Why are they so happy about this?
Yeah, is it that funny?
We can't play along with them
Let's go
This... this...
This, I...
Just now you...
Professor Fan
Why aren't you acting young today?
Don't mention it
My test result was wrong
How could it be wrong?
Wasn't it the sweet age of thirty-one?
My fault
I filled it out wrong
It's because of my old age
The brain isn't sharp
I got confused
and filled it out wrong
That's not right
Haven't you always said
that compared to young guys
you're not any worse?
How did you get confused?
Yes
I really lacked self-awareness
Something's wrong
Why is Professor Fan so humble today?
It makes me uncomfortable
Did his brain get a shock?
No
If I make a mistake, I correct it
I hope everyone can forgive me
Alright
Xiao Cai
Why did you change back too?
Are you here to admit your mistake too?
Change what?
Admit what mistake?
My son and daughter-in-law are coming over soon.
I can't look younger than my daughter-in-law.
And end up calling her "sister-in-law".
I'll dress old for now.
What about after they leave?
Don't.
You absolutely cannot change back.
While she was playing young...
Whenever she put on makeup...
She'd occupy the bathroom and never come out.
It forced me to...
Go to Grandma Jin's bathroom every day.
It won't happen again.
I won't act... won't go back to that.
Everyone.
I have good news for everyone.
Hold on a second.
What do you want us to test this time?
That age-testing app from last time...
Based on user feedback...
According to the World Age Organization...
And their latest published standards...
Combined with gene remote sensing technology...
It fixed the bugs in the original technology.
There were bugs, right?
Look at that.
See, I told you so.
That test definitely had issues.
Otherwise, I couldn't possibly be that old.
So, do you elders want to try again?
With this new app?
I'm not testing.
Isn't that just asking for trouble?
Exactly.
I'm already this young.
Why would I need to test?
It'd be a hassle if it says I'm 18.
I'll try.
I want to try.
Come on.
Just update it on your phone.
Okay.
I want to try too.
You...
I'm so happy today.
Today's result is just right.
You're 48.
I'm 50.
Just right.
Right.
What do you mean "just right"?
Exactly.
Our measured Actual Age and Chronological age...
Match perfectly.
That's how it is.
No other meaning.
No.
If there was...
I'd still say no.
You two are finally younger than all of us.
You are now...
The juniors of our retirement community.
So from now on, the heavy lifting...
Is all up to you.
Don't do that.
Don't treat us as that young.
If there's real heavy lifting...
It still has to be...
Yusheng and those young people.
Speaking of you.
What's wrong? Why the long faces?
I have a good...
...really unfortunate piece of news.
We also took that age test.
What was the result?
Our ages...
Are older than all of yours.